#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==0.8.0
    # via datasette
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asgi-csrf==0.9
    # via datasette
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via datasette
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
boto3==1.24.82
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.82
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-default-group-wheel
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group-wheel==1.2.2
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
confection==0.0.3
    # via thinc
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasette==0.62
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasette-template-sql
datasette-template-sql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
en_core_web_sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.4.0/en_core_web_sm-3.4.0-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.15.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.23.0
    # via datasette
hupper==1.10.3
    # via datasette
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   asgi-csrf
    #   datasette
janus==1.0.0
    # via datasette
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.19.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
jupyterlab-code-formatter==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via datasette
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.8
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   blis
    #   pandas
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
pandas==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathy==0.6.2
    # via spacy
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pint==0.19.2
    # via datasette
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via datasette
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.2
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   sqlite-utils
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via asgi-csrf
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via datasette
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
rdflib==6.2.0
    # via sparqlwrapper
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   spacy
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   en-core-web-sm
spacy-legacy==3.0.10
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.3
    # via spacy
sparqlwrapper==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlite-fts4==1.0.3
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==2.4.4
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.5.1
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sqlite-utils
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
thinc==8.1.4
    # via spacy
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   janus
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.18.3
    # via datasette
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
